CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    Title: Furniture Budget Calculator Program

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
The program I'm trying to create will helps me and carpenters generate estimated budgets for furniture and projects that I need to manufacture, 
and it assists any carpenter in using it.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I plan to learn more in the creation of programs that can solve real-life problems, 
such as one of the issues I'm facing when preparing estimates. It takes me a lot of time, and I believe that creating a program to simplify this process would help me speed up my work significantly

4. What Python modules will your program use?
I will use modules like math for calculations, csv for file handling (if needed), 

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
Yes, I will organize my program into functions. Some functions will handle user input and display results, 
while others will focus on specific calculations. This helps make the code reusable and easy to test.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
Yes, I plan to write test functions using pytest for at least two critical functions.
 This ensures that my program works correctly and allows for future modifications.

